hey everybody welcome back um we're
about to go with this really special
performance from sister lady bianca
there's not much i can say about them
but all i can say is that
specifically digital contacts or
messages meant for the honorable
treasurer of the holy house of christ
and god for noir wave incorporated
sister lady bianca her excellency are to
be directed towards the address listed
below captain yaki at protonmail.com
the emails in the chat if you'd like to
ask a question or you're curious about
what this is going to be you can send a
message to that email account
until then
enjoy hello thank you very much for
coming
thank you so very much
all right i'm just gonna test my white
balance here
uh hey um are you are you ready to come
out now
uh
hey i i didn't know this wasn't this
[__] um
hey it's it's all good though you know
um
i'm just gonna finish testing the
balance here
and um
would you mind moving to the right
really real quick
all right
okay
thanks i i guess
all right
so um
what is this what is this shoe for
i i read you over
the m's and
that
got a sense of what you're looking for
and don't get me wrong
i'm i'm happy to help you
but is
is this supposed to be a
character
what what exactly are you
[Music]
all right you know i think i came here
to get my job
i'm just
i'm just gonna start this [__] if it's
okay
all right i'm just gonna test my white
balance here
okay um
because this should be a good shot
beautiful
okay i'm just you know i'm just gonna
take a few
um test shots here so just keep
comfortable and everything
um
beautiful
yeah yeah but just like that yeah that's
perfect
okay just just give me a little more
more
and hey why don't you you just bend the
left leg some more
yeah and um in your shoulder yeah just
just move it up son
lovely
okay okay that should be a good shotgun
and um
i
just gotta grab this peacock for this
here if you don't mind
and i'm assuming they're props do they
mean anything to you
i think we can use them
myself
[Music]
i'm approaching the land
that's [__] crazy
[Music]
yeah
just like that
[Music]
would you mind moving the other leg up
and eyes
yeah just give me more of that that's
perfect eyes
eyes
[Music]
okay
black
and um
all right um
just
take it to the
tape we'll see
what you would you mind getting on your
knees
yeah right right there just now just
nail some
and uh just gonna grab this really quick
and hold this too
all right and um
let me shoot you
like
this
[Music]
attacks
that's first kings chapter 10 verse 22.
hey i gotta take this call
i'm professional i know but i'll be
right back
is
i'm leaving it for 10 minutes
myself
now i'm here
three minutes
he asked for prayer
and i wants to pray for him
father i pray
for this man of god that you may touch
him right now
by your power and by your spirit
and lord i pray that anything that the
enemy
has attacked him with
plotted or planned or schemed against
him
i break it in the name which is above
every name the name of jesus christ of
nazareth
and i pray god
that every onslaught of the enemy will
cease and stop from this night on and i
pray god that there will be a fresh
anointing
resting upon him
and god i break any generational curses
i break any word curses spoken over him
and i pray once again that the power
of the holy ghost will breathe upon him
a fresh touch of the holy spirit god
touch him now in jesus name
breathe upon him i pray
now
in the name of jesus
everyone say in the name of jesus
touching there it is sir
there it is
that's it
hallelujah
come on put your hands together and give
god a shallow praise
[Music]
time
i
[Music]
this
okay
[Music]
i just
she's here
she's here and
i think
[Music]
trying
23-33
[Music]
right now
touch
sexy
[Music]
touch
i can hear you
[Music]
remember the last clause
and i'm gonna try that again okay
sexy
that's just
hello everyone and welcome back uh we're
so excited to be here live with sister
lady bianca who was in the room with us
um if you have any questions you can
email captain yaki at protonmail.com or
you can drop some questions in the chat
i'll try to keep an eye on it
um sisterly bianca you know that was uh
that was a definitely uh
very different from the other uh talks
that we've had here at great area
festival um and i know that you are the
honorable treasurer of the holy house of
christ and god for noir we've
incorporated um your excellency could
you tell us a little bit about uh the
church and it's its mission
everyone hear me the navy
once in three years
bringing gold and silver bringing in
[Music]
for hazing
she speaks to me
[Music]
she started the
church i'm just a messenger
[Music]
she just she just speaks to me
and uh
and i listen
and she
she gives me purpose
she um
she drives the images
she
she drives the art
sexy
[Music]
i just i just make i make the pictures
and uh she she drives she drives the
images that's all
yeah
wow
that is
i mean i'm just trying to process a
little bit of you know what's going on i
mean you're clearly a vessel uh for
sister lady bianca and i i can't believe
you're coming through to us you know
across dimensions um
you know what kinds of things does
sister lady bianca say to you um and
what sorts of directions does she does
she guide down
how
[Music]
that's first kings chapter 10 verse
the peacock
is a symbol for immortality
and symbols of beauty
and um
she just gives me these symbols
sometimes
bible verses sometimes
text
and i can i i
i can hear her in my
sleep and
i i hear her when i'm awake
and i hear the first the same verse over
and over again first kings
and when i hear her that's that's when i
know that i have to move
you know i i
i get my camera
i i set up and then i just move and i
and she tells me where to go she
she tells me how to talk she tells me
how to move
forward
um
wow um
a lot to process here um you know these
seem to be such
divine messages um you know clearly
coming from a from a higher power
um i know you know i i'm curious about
the image um
of r kelly uh you know he is a has been
you know recently uh convicted of all of
the charges against him and i'm
wondering what
why this why this image and why now
and how does this connect to
the
the message that is coming through
sister lady bianca from the holy the
holy house of
uh jesus christ god and noir wave
incorporated
if you can see the image here
there's a hand placed on
his heart there's a hand placed on his
back
there's a hand placed on the solar
plexus
and
there he's surrounded by
um
all the people that are
they're casting as
a spell they're getting the power of
other people
to lift up and and support and
strengthen this man and no one asks
you know how to be strengthened and
uplift the people
the people by these arms and no one else
about
about the girls no one else about the
women there is
they're not empowered they're not lifted
up like he is and
you know um
they're they're always empowering him
the church is always
empowering people like him and no one
wants to empower
the girls the women
[Music]
approaching land
which bianca found the image and
she showed me
the evil she showed me
everything that is evil that is
that is happening here
they keep trying to lift up people
like him they keep trying to empower it
they cast the spells
and the people lift this man up the
mouse
lifts this man up and it's it's time for
for all of all of this to
to be destroyed it's time to tear it
down
it's time to tear down
the thrones it's time to tear down the
kings
that's that's it that's what she tells
me and i believe her you know people
like this shouldn't
be able to go on stages and you'll be
charged by the masses you know they need
to be cast down
cast into the sea cast into
the big blue sea
and um never be seen let me be seen
again
i mean how do we
as a society you know we're we're here
at worlding protocol you know thinking
about how to tear down these structures
and rebuild new ones um and i'm
wondering if sister lady bianca has
given you any guidance on
how we may be able to do that
collectively as as a society as a group
of people um how do we tear down how do
we tear down things like
extractive algorithms um
cult worship
of violent and
terrifying kings such as the ones you're
describing
[Music]
foreign
to the images
the images
the images are spells
algorithms are spells code
is a spell
and
the question is how do you
how do you refute the image
how do you repeat that how do you
say no
is there is a collective responsibility
or
is it a personal responsibility
you know
we charge these people by tapping into
their images we charge these kings by
tapping into the algorithm tapping in to
the core
participating in these structures that
empower them
ask yourself how do you refute images no
one wants to do that
we all
have to say things we have to eat we
have to consume
how do we stop eating
if we stop eating
these kings they don't have as much
power we starve the kings by
by refuting the king's meal
when we refute the king's images when we
fit the king's
food we starve the king
right now
[Music]
it seems as though
you know what you're calling for is a
total
raising of everything you know deep
sacrifice uh in the name of
uh
choking off the the circulation of this
beast of a system of the world that we
live in is that am i am i on the right
track here
um
i mean something something like that you
know
you know i don't i don't think it's
it doesn't have to be as
i mean choking is such a big such a big
word
you know um
it takes it took a while for this [__]
to be to be built right you know it
takes time for these things
to be built
you know you
you put them in
in boiling water and it's just so boil
this is so
slumper and it's just it's a
it's a steady and slow diverse mint
it's little by
little thank you so much um sister lady
bianca and your messenger for for being
here um
i don't wanna i don't wanna i don't
wanna speak too much more and
and and strain your connection um i know
this is quite draining um you know to
channel um
you know is there anything else that
you'd like to any other message that
you'd like to leave the audience with
the king
had it seen and maybe a flashlight with
the navy of haram once in three years
can the media flash-ish bringing gold
and silver still bringing over it and
then there is
right now
thank you
um thank you for listening
thank you so much for for being here
um this is sister lady bianca everybody
um
i'll leave it a thought